build: nix builds (#25)
nicholas-roether/niji: docs/src/getting-started.md

Arch Linux users can install niji from the AUR using the `niji-git` package.

### Nix

> On Unix systems with Nix installed, niji can be easily installed, and even

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Unix systems using Nix, niji can be easily installed, and even
```

configured with Home Manager if desired.

#### Nix Home Manager (recommended)

To install and configure niji using Nix Home Manager first declare niji as a
source to fetch, then configure your nixpkgs to utilize the niji overlay, import
the Home Manager module, and finally configure your niji installation.

Example:

```nix
{pkgs, ...}:
let
  niji = builtins.fetchGit {
    url = "https://github.com/lina-roether/niji";
    ref = "main";
  };
in {
  nixpkgs.overlays = [
    (import ("${niji}/overlay.nix"))
  ];
  imports = [
    "${niji}/home-module.nix"
  ];

  programs.niji = {
    enable = true;
    extraConfig = {
      modules = [ "sway" ];
    };
  };
}
```

#### NixOS Package

On NixOS without Home Manager, niji can be installed by adding it to your system
packages. Note that this will require manually creating the `config.toml` for
niji to work.

```nix
{pkgs, ...}:
let
  niji = builtins.fetchGit {
    url = "https://github.com/lina-roether/niji";
    ref = "main";
  };
in {
  nixpkgs.overlays = [
    (import ("${niji}/overlay.nix"))
  ];
  environment.systemPackages = with pkgs; [
    niji
  ];
}
```

#### Nix Environment Installation

> On non NixOS systems without Home Manager, niji can be installed into the Nix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On non-NixOS systems without Home Manager, niji can be installed into the Nix
```

environment using `nix-env`. Note that this will require manually creating the

> `config.toml` for niji to work.

Reviewer: I wonder, is it worth mentioning this? the reason doesn't feel entirely obvious to me unless you know how nix works internally
```suggestion
`config.toml` for niji to work, since `nix-env` can't use the niji Home Manager module.
```

Author: Sounds good to me! :+1:

### Nix

> On Unix systems using Nix, niji can be easily installed, and even configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Unix systems using Nix, niji can be easily installed, as well as configured
```

with Home Manager if desired.

Depending on if you use flakes you need to configure it in one of two ways. The
usage of flakes is recommended. In both cases it boils to: first declare niji as
a source to fetch, then configure your nixpkgs to utilize the niji overlay,

> import the Home Manager module, and finally configure your niji installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
niji can be installed and configured with or without the use of flakes, although
using flakes is recommended. Either case consists of first declaring niji as
a source to fetch, then configuring your nixpkgs to utilize the niji overlay,
importing the Home Manager module, and finally configuring your niji installation.
```

#### Nix Home Manager (recommended)

##### Home Manager Installation with Flakes

`flake.nix`

```nix
{
  inputs = {
    nixpkgs.url = "github:NixOS/nixpkgs/nixos-unstable";

    home-manager = {
      url = "github:nix-community/home-manager";
      inputs.nixpkgs.follows = "nixpkgs";
    };
    niji = {
      url = "github:lina-roether/niji";
      inputs.nixpkgs.follows = "nixpkgs";
    };
  };
  outputs = { nixpkgs, home-manager, niji, ...}:
    let
      pkgs = import nixpkgs {
        overlays = [ niji.overlays.default ];
      };
    in
    {
      homeConfigurations = {

>         "your.username" = home-manager.lib.homeManagerConfiguration {

Reviewer: why is there a dot in there? my guess would be that this is just the username, right, in which case adding a dot in the middle implies things that just make it confusing
```suggestion
        "your-username" = home-manager.lib.homeManagerConfiguration {
```
